Polishing Quickstarts (#29)
k0rdent/docs: docs/install/airgap.md

> ### Airgapped Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Air-gapped Installation
```

Reviewer: On the other hand "airgapped" vs "air-gapped" vs "air gapped" is still a disputable topic.

### Prerequisites

> In order to install HMC in an airgapped environment, you need will need the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to install HMC in an air-gapped environment, you will need the
```

### Airgapped Installation

### Prerequisites
In order to install HMC in an airgapped environment, you need will need the
following:
* An installed k0s cluster that will be used as the management cluster.  If you
  do not yet have a k0s cluster, you can follow the [Airgapped Installation](https://docs.k0sproject.io/head/airgap-install/#airgap-install)
  documentation.  k0s is recommended for airgapped installations because it
  implements an OCI image bundle watcher which allows k0s to utilize a bundle
  of management cluster images easily. Any Kubernetes distribution can be
  used, but instructions for using k0s are provided here.
* The `KUBECONFIG` of a management cluster that will be the target for the HMC
  installation.
* A registry that is accessible from the airgapped hosts to store the HMC images.

>   If you do not have a registry you can deploy a [local Docker registry](https://distribution.github.io/distribution/)

Reviewer 2: This will not work well with current implementation see [comment](https://github.com/Mirantis/hmc/pull/475#discussion_r1828502232)
NIT: IMO caveats of using the insecure registry should be noted briefly, but also it's a common knowledge, so it's for you to decide

  or use [mindthegap](https://github.com/mesosphere/mindthegap?tab=readme-ov-file#serving-a-bundle-supports-both-image-or-helm-chart)
* A registry and associated chart repository for hosting HMC charts.  At this

>   time all HMC charts MUST be hosted in a single chart repository.

Reviewer 2: Probably we should cover oci helm registry case (It works without changes in the scripts by adding `oci://` to the repo url)

* [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/download/), Helm and Docker binaries
  installed on the machine where the `airgap-push.sh` script will be run.

### Installation
1. [Download the HMC airgap bundle](#coming-soon), the bundle contains the
following:

* `images/hmc-images-<version>.tgz` - The image bundle tarball for the
  management cluster, this bundle will be loaded into the management cluster.
* `images/hmc-extension-images-<version>.tgz` - The image bundle tarball for the
  managed clusters, this bundle will be pushed to a registry where the images
  can be accessed by the managed clusters.
* `charts` - Contains the HMC Helm chart, dependency charts and k0s extensions
  charts within the `extensions` directory.  All of these charts will be pushed
  to a chart repository within a registry.
* `scripts/airgap-push.sh` - A script that will aid in re-tagging and pushing
  the `ManagedCluster` required charts and images to a desired registry.

1. Extract and use the `airgap-push.sh` script to push the `extensions` images
and `charts` contents to the registry.  Ensure you have logged into the registry

> using both `docker login` and `helm registry login` before running the script.

Reviewer 2: Indentation is missing

  ```bash
  tar xvf hmc-airgap-<version>.tgz scripts/airgap-push.sh
  ./scripts/airgap-push.sh -r <registry> -c <chart-repo> -a hmc-airgap-<version>.tgz
  ```

2. Next, extract the `management` bundle tarball and sync the images to the
   k0s cluster which will host the management cluster.  See [Sync the Bundle File](https://docs.k0sproject.io/head/airgap-install/#2a-sync-the-bundle-file-with-the-airgapped-machine-locally)
   for more information.

>   > [!NOTE]

Reviewer 2: Should be `> NOTE:`, since mkdocs has different markdown syntax. The one you're using is for Github

  > Multiple image bundles can be placed in the `/var/lib/k0s/images` directory
  > for k0s to use and the existing `k0s` airgap bundle does not need to be
  > merged into the `hmc-airgap-<version>.tgz` bundle.

  ```bash

>   tar xvf hmc-airgap-<version>.tgz "images/hmc-images-<version>.tgz" -C /var/lib/k0s/images

Reviewer 2: I had issue with this command (the file didn't unpacked properly to `/var/lib/k0s/images`). Need to re-check

  installed on the machine where the `airgap-push.sh` script will be run.

### Installation
1. [Download the HMC airgap bundle](#coming-soon), the bundle contains the
following:

* `images/hmc-images-<version>.tgz` - The image bundle tarball for the
  management cluster, this bundle will be loaded into the management cluster.
* `images/hmc-extension-images-<version>.tgz` - The image bundle tarball for the
  managed clusters, this bundle will be pushed to a registry where the images
  can be accessed by the managed clusters.
* `charts` - Contains the HMC Helm chart, dependency charts and k0s extensions
  charts within the `extensions` directory.  All of these charts will be pushed
  to a chart repository within a registry.
* `scripts/airgap-push.sh` - A script that will aid in re-tagging and pushing
  the `ManagedCluster` required charts and images to a desired registry.

2. Extract and use the `airgap-push.sh` script to push the `extensions` images
   and `charts` contents to the registry.  Ensure you have logged into the registry
   using both `docker login` and `helm registry login` before running the script.

```bash

> tar xvf hmc-airgap-<version>.tgz scripts/airgap-push.sh

Reviewer 3: in my testing this doesn't work:

```
$ tar xvf hmc-airgap-0.0.3-50-ge85fe81.tgz scripts/airgap-push.sh
tar: scripts/airgap-push.sh: Not found in archive
```

when extracting the whole repo, I can see the file but it is not extracted, probably because it tries to be extracted a level higher and this is protected by tar

```
$ tar xvf hmc-airgap-0.0.3-50-ge85fe81.tgz -C airgap/
tar: Removing leading `../' from member names
tar: ../scripts/airgap-push.sh: Member name contains '..'
```

Reviewer 3: addressed myself in this commit: https://github.com/Mirantis/hmc/pull/475/commits/4fb4d54b153cc3f6c47b03761d10c5b19e2abecc

Reviewer 4: I accidentally force-pushed over this during a squash, but re-added it in https://github.com/Mirantis/hmc/pull/475/commits/a61f3d497d2d37fb9e531fad4d76a9b6e5f4c896
